README.md, before:

# ATDD Accelerator Template (Java)

[![commit-stage-monolith](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/commit-stage-monolith.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/commit-stage-monolith.yml)
[![acceptance-stage](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/acceptance-stage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/acceptance-stage.yml)
[![qa-stage](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-stage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-stage.yml)
[![qa-signoff](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-signoff.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-signoff.yml)
[![prod-stage](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/prod-stage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/prod-stage.yml)

## License

MIT License

## Contributors

- [Valentina Jemuović](https://www.linkedin.com/in/valentinajemuovic/)
- [Jelena Cupać](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jelenacupac/)

Commit message:

Update license information to CC0 1.0 Universal and clarify public domain dedication

README.md, after:

# ATDD Accelerator Template (Java)

[![commit-stage-monolith](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/commit-stage-monolith.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/commit-stage-monolith.yml)
[![acceptance-stage](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/acceptance-stage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/acceptance-stage.yml)
[![qa-stage](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-stage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-stage.yml)
[![qa-signoff](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-signoff.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/qa-signoff.yml)
[![prod-stage](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/prod-stage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/optivem/atdd-accelerator-template-java/actions/workflows/prod-stage.yml)

## License

This project is released under [CC0 1.0 Universal](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/cc0/1.0/) - Public Domain Dedication.

To the extent possible under law, the contributors have dedicated all copyright and related rights to this software to the public domain worldwide. This software is distributed without any warranty.

## Contributors

- [Valentina Jemuović](https://www.linkedin.com/in/valentinajemuovic/)
- [Jelena Cupać](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jelenacupac/)
